README.md, before:

# w1arenas.github.csp.project
## Council Shoulder Patch Collection Project

GitHub: <link>:<https://github.com/w1arenas/w1arenas.github.csp.project>

HEROKU: <link>:<https://csp-collection.herokuapp.com/cspcollection>

## Technologies
Welcome to my collection project. This full-stack project has been created using following technologies:

- Mongo database
- Mongoose object modeling
- RESTful architecture
- CRUD functionality
- Express framework
- Embedded JavaScript templating (ejs)
- Skeleton CSS framework
- JavaScript
- HTML
- Visual Studio Code
- Git version control
- Heroku cloud deployment

## The Project
This project is designed to demonstrate the ability to create a full stack application deployed to a cloud platform.  This simple design addresses all the elements required for an end-to-end, full-stack application. In addition to the above technologies, this application includes:

 SoC (separation of concerns) through the use of a controller.
 DRY (don't repeat yourself) principle with the use of partials.

 ## Initial Design

![](/public/images/project-draft.png)


I hope you enjoy your experience while navigating my collection of Council Shoulder Patches from the state of Georgia!

Commit message:

Finished documented version 1.0 in README.md

README.md, after:

# w1arenas.github.csp.project
## Council Shoulder Patch Collection Project

GitHub: <link>:<https://github.com/w1arenas/w1arenas.github.csp.project>

HEROKU: <link>:<https://csp-collection.herokuapp.com/cspcollection>

## Technologies
Welcome to my collection project. This full-stack project has been created using following technologies:

- Mongo database
- Mongoose object modeling
- RESTful architecture
- CRUD functionality
- Express framework
- Embedded JavaScript templating (ejs)
- Skeleton CSS framework
- JavaScript
- HTML
- Visual Studio Code
- Git version control
- Heroku cloud deployment

## The Project
This project is designed to demonstrate the ability to create a full stack application deployed to a cloud platform.  This simple design addresses all the elements required for an end-to-end, full-stack application. In addition to the above technologies, this application includes:

 SoC (separation of concerns) through the use of a controller.
 DRY (don't repeat yourself) principle with the use of partials.

 ## Initial Design

![](/public/images/project-draft.png)

## Version 1.0

### MVP
Version 1.0 of my project met the MVP (minimal viable product) deliverable. It included the following requirements:
- A working full-stack application using Node.js, Mongoose, Express and EJS.
- MVC file structure (Models, Views, Controllers)
- 7 RESTful routes and full CRUD
- Git repository
- Deployed online to Heroku
- A README.md file with links to the Git repository and the working app in Heroku.

### Optional features included in version 1.0
In addition to the MVP, the following optional features were included in v1.0:
- EJS Partials
- Skeleton CSS


## Version 1.0
Met all the initial 

## Features Being Considered for Further Development
- Password required for NEW, EDIT and DELETE routes.
- Add a field in the SHOW pages to provide additional information on the CSP and the council.
- Expand the scope of the project to showcase my full collection.
- Add a page to provide information on how to identify different issues of the CSP.
- Add a page of duplicates CSPs and make them available for trade and/or purchase. Perhaps a shopping cart.
- Incorporate Google Maps to show where the councils are located.

## Thank You!
I hope you enjoy your experience while navigating my collection of Council Shoulder Patches from the state of Georgia!
